Oh
[Music]
[Applause]
everyone Travis here at the end of the
fortnight pro-am in Los Angeles so I
just want to talk a little bit about for
tonight here because a lot of you when I
talk about fortnight you just Pitt
fortnight eSports lol or a Michael all
or whatever fortnight and 2018 the big
thing is I just really enjoyed this
event and I think from a spectator
experience that was really fun and quite
frankly for tonight is engaging me in a
way from a spectator experience that I
haven't had since like 2011 when I
started doing League of Legends eSports
I think one of the things like you can
just look at this event and realize how
unique the offering is in the space you
know from marshmallow ninja who won not
too long ago and just so the sort of the
way that the crowd was reacting to them
to just the way that fortnight was
really able to take over this this is by
the way to a soccer stadium that is I
believe relatively new in Los Angeles
just the way that for tonight was really
able to come in and take it over and
just what is what is cool to me is I
look at overwatch I look at dota I look
at csgo and a lot of it is so similar to
what's going on in League of Legends and
that's great but it's really fun to me
to see something that's so different and
so there might be a world and there
might be a world by the way I think
League of Legends will still take 70 to
80 percent my time as it does right now
but there might be a world where I start
kind of exploring fortnight a little bit
more that's not because I'm selling out
or League of Legends instead or like
fortnight assault where all the views
are because I'm so intellectually
interested in the space you know I think
if you look at League of Legends if you
look at the other games that I just
mentioned it's so easy because those are
it's so easy to sort of take what we
know about sports and bring it to those
areas because it's like two teams of
five or it's a one-on-one or whatever
whenever you have like a hundred
different people playing a match I I
feel like this is going to force
innovation and eSports that we haven't
seen before I'm like super fascinating
to see how epic creates their formats
how they create their broadcast how
everything looks is I think we're gonna
see stuff an eSports that we haven't
really seen before so for me it's a
super interesting I think it's super fun
to watch I had such a great time at this
event I think epic did a really good
for its first game I'm sorry for its
first big match that first game for its
first big match and and I'm really
excited to see where stuff goes so
either way I don't know if that's going
up before or after but I do have some
celebrity interviews that are going up
which I didn't really thought I would be
doing it's kind of cool to see how
eSports and gaming is meshing with the
rest of the entertainment world those
are hitting the channel hopefully you
guys enjoy this and you don't hate it
and look we'll figure out a way to like
identify the fortnight videos separately
from the League of Legends videos so
that worst-case scenario if you're just
not interested in the stuff at all and
you hate me doing it you can just dodge
it and stick around for League of
Legends interviews anyway LCS is
starting up very soon thanks so much for
watching I'll catch you later
[Music]
I am so exhausted at3
Burton wanted me to do these outros I
don't want you I just want to sit here
so he's filming me like this because I'm
protesting but I hope you enjoyed that
for tonight interview the for tonight's
setup here at e3 is amazing really enjoy
it
and maybe you aren't familiar with my
content maybe you're coming in here like
I don't know who this guy is just
subscribe to the channel it doesn't
matter who I am just hit the red button
hit subscribe and you'll get a lot of
content it's really cool content I
promise